Please call Marc Shultheiss.
Skip forward 30 seconds.
Set an alarm in 2 hours.
How many calories does a handful of walnuts have?
Turn off the outdoor lights.
Alexa, play more like this.
Raise the temperature.
Is my primary care doctor's office open today?
Brighten the kitchen light.
Wake me up at 7:50 AM every day.
Play 'The Price is Right' on Apple TV.
Remind me to take a break in 50 minutes. 
Add vanilla mousse, mussels, non-fat Greek yogurt, and triple A batteries to the shopping list.
What's the temperature outside?
How many refills are left on my warfarin?
How do you spell 'exercise'?
Show me photos from Seth's 1st birthday.
How far is The Empire State Building from The Cloisters?
What's the temperature inside?
What's the thermostat set to?
Buy tickets at quarter-past 6.
Play the latest episode of 'Spittin Chiclets'.
What are some great vacation ideas?
Hey Google, what's this song?
How did the North Carolina Courage game turn out yesterday?
Lock the front door.
Add a meeting to my calendar.
I parked on level 3.
When are the Phoenix Mercury playing next?
Schedule a refill for my insulin prescription.
Add red wine vinegar, frozen onion rings, barbecue sauce, and filet of sole to the shopping list.
Who won the WNBA game yesterday?
Boil the kettle.
Turn off all switches.
Fast forward 4 minutes.
Snooze.
Turn on heat.
Cortana.
Turn down the volume.
Tell me a poem.
Did I miss any emails from yesterday?
How many refills are left on my risperidone?
Show me nearby shopping malls.
How long is left on the timer?
Open HBO Now.
Tell me about the Green Bay Packers.
Wake me up at 9:45 AM Tuesday.
What time is it?
Cancel alarm for 6:00 PM.
Who won the gold medal in men's figure skating in the 1952 Winter Olympics?
How many calories does 15 baby carrots and a scoop of hummus have?
Hey Siri, pause the music.
How many refills are left on my propanolol?
Find me a Bon Appetit recipe with cilantro, parsley, chicken, and fresh garlic.
Give me a motivational quote.
Please call Penn Reiter.
Make me a reservation at Amalfi's Restaurant & Mercado.
Make it cooler.
What's playing in the theaters near me?
Turn off cooling.
Navigate to the nearest gas station.
Set an alarm in 90 minutes.
What's $1,000 in British Pounds?
Set a reminder to take glipizide at 6:30 PM.
Start listening.
Do I have anything scheduled for tomorrow?
Dim the den lights to 20%.
How do you spell 'confident'?
Create a Trader Joe's shopping list.
When is my next alarm?
Set a reminder for when tickets for Jimmy Buffett go on sale.
How's the traffic to the Idaho border?
How much is $100 in euros?
Set a reminder to take simvastatin at dinner time.
Set a reminder for the day spring training starts.
Turn up the sound.
How far is Whole Foods from here?
Hey Facebook, resume.
Who's winning between the Chicago Bulls and the Detroit Pistons?
What movies came out last week?
What's the weather like in London?
Read my new email.
Set a reminder to take pantoprazole at 6 AM.
Send a message to Clio & Carmelita Endicott.
How do you say 'good night' in German?
Map a route to the nearest metro station. 
Is the closest library ADA compliant?
Skip backward 1 minute.
Like this song.
Cancel my meeting with Valli Sylvia at 1:15, 8/15/2023.
Is the Thompson-Boling Arena ADA compliant?
Set a reminder to take amoxicillin with lunch.
Hey Google.
Decrease the volume.
What's the distance to La Palma, Spain?
Lower the temperature 2 degrees.
Book me a room at Residence Inn in Townsend, Tennessee on October 31st through November 3rd.
What alarms are set?
Who is the lead character in 'The Dark Knight'?
Video call Leo Rodrigues.
Brighten the screen.
Snooze the alarm.
Set the heat to 70.
Alexa, what's this album?
Find me flights to Budapest, Hungary.
Who played third base for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1960? 
What are the side effects of sertraline?
Set a reminder to take acetaminophen at 1PM.
Show me movies with Meryl Streep.
What film won the Oscar for best picture in 1949?
Redial.
Find me a kid-friendly casserole recipe with avocados and cherry tomatoes.
What was the score for the last Atlanta Dream game?
What does my day look like?
Find me flights to Munich, Germany.
Start listening. What's the weather for the weekend?
Is my flight on time?
Is there a chance of rain in the morning?
Please send this text: "Hi, exclamation point. What time will you be home, question mark. Thanks, exclamation point."
Is there a chance of rain overnight ?
Call the nearest coffee shop. 
How many refills are left on my allopurinol?
Reschedule my meeting with Torill Jamie at 3 PM Wednesday, September 4th.
Show me nearby cafes.
What's it like outside?
Open Skype.
Where is my first event tomorrow?
Cortana, what's playing? 
How much is a round-trip flight to Glasgow, Scotland?
What's on my agenda for today?
How do I make fresh pasta with spinach?
Cancel my meeting with Nisha Kamal at 10 AM, next Friday.
Play kids' songs.
Answer the door.
Set a reminder to take citalopram at 8 AM.
Turn down the temperature 4 degrees.
Set a timer for my cardio workout for 45 minutes.
Hey Facebook.
Play 'With or Without You' by U2.
Schedule a refill for my loratadine prescription.
Add a reversible octopus plush for Thea to my gift list.
When is Meijer open until?
Read my messages.
Read 'Will in the World: How Shakespeare Became Shakespeare' on Audiobook.
Video call Ed Fujiwara.
Read my book.
What song is this?
Where is my next meeting?
Turn on my TV.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.
Find non-stop flights to Mumbai, India on United Airlines.
Hey Siri, turn up the volume.
Set a reminder to take furosemide at bed time.
Scan a QR code. 
Raise the temperature 1 degree.
What are my reminders?
Do I have any alarms set?
Set the volume to 4.
How far is Kittery, Maine from here?
What's the latest in celebrity gossip?
Get help.
My parking space is red.
Is Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas wheelchair accessible? 
Turn on the nursery light.
Set a reminder to take Spironolactone at 9 PM.
How many refills are left on my nitroglycerin?
Navigate to Los Angeles Union Station.
Turn the TV to the Comedy Central.
Alexa.
Listen to BBC.
Make it warmer.
Play music on den speakers.
How many refills are left on my estradiol?
Set a reminder to take ibuprofen at 11:30 AM.
Increase the volume.
What's on my to-do list?
Send an email to principal@FAC.k12.av.us.
What team won the World Series in 1938?
Is the front door locked?
Where did I park?
Hey Google, sing me a song.
Delete my reminders for tomorrow.
Skip to the next chapter.
When did this song come out?
When is it going to rain?
Dislike this song.
Show me an image of landscape.
Is Panama City Beach Conservation Park wheelchair accessible? 
Hey Siri.
Set a timer for 20 minutes.
How many refills are left on my omeprazole?
How many refills are left on my baclofen?
When's my first meeting today?
Play the latest episode of 'Ten Percent Happier' with Dan Harris on Spotify.
Set a reminder to take Potassium at 2 PM.
What are the side effects of trazodone?
Hey Facebook, turn down the sound.
Book a table for 6 at The Olde Pink House Restaurant.
Wikipedia Periodic Table.
When is Thanksgiving this year?
Define 'omicron'.
Skip this track.
Tell me news from ESPN.
What are the best places for vacation in October?
Play music on bathroom speakers.
Flip a coin.
Do I need an umbrella today?
Darken the screen.
Cortana, play music.
Cancel alarm for 6:45 AM.
Map a route to the airport's cell phone lot. 
Did the New England Revolution win?
Show me my alarms.
Turn on the TV.
What's the conversion of 60 ounces to quarts?
What's the Pfizer stock price?
Set the air conditioning to 76.
Request a taxi ride.
Show me nearby restaurants.
Please send this email: "Dear customer service, comma. I am writing about the status of order number 384972, period. Do you have a tracking update, question mark. Thank you, period."
Add a weighted blanket for Abigail to my gift list.
Dim the playroom lights to 20%.
Start listening. What's today's news?
Where is the nearest bus stop?
Open email.
What's Amazon trading at?
How tall is the world's biggest dog?
Broadcast 'Be sure you have your keys, your mask, and your cell phone.'
What time is it in Clarksburg, Maryland?
Turn off the lights in the attic.
Set an alarm for 11:50 PM on New Year's.
Turn up the temperature 5 degrees.
Help me relax.
When does the next train arrive?
How many refills are left on my lorazepam?
How many refills are left on my clindamycin risperidone?
Unlock the front door.
Remember that it's time to have the chimney sweep inspect the fireplace.
Read this page.
Broadcast 'We're leaving in 15 minutes.'
