Set the air conditioning to 78.
Show me nearby cafes.
How did the Arizona Diamondbacks game turn out yesterday?
Brighten the basement light.
How many refills are left on my warfarin?
Hey Google.
Skip forward 45 seconds.
What are the side effects of lisinopril?
Send an email to Rachana.Lippi@EasternRealEstate.net.
What's on my to-do list?
How many refills are left on my baclofen?
When is my next alarm?
How many calories does a boiled egg have?
Cancel my meeting with Nova Rawda at 12:30.
How much is $150 in euros?
How do you spell 'quarantine'?
How far is Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House from here?
Cortana, what's playing? 
How many refills are left on my propanolol?
Fast forward 5 minutes.
Do I have anything scheduled for this weekend?
Dim the living room lights to 50%.
How many refills are left on my allopurinol?
Set a reminder to take acetaminophen at 1PM.
Who is the lead character in 'Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon'?
Increase the volume.
Is Comerica Park ADA compliant?
What was the score for the last Jacksonville Jaguars game?
Broadcast 'Be sure you have your keys, your mask, and your cell phone.'
Make it cooler.
Do I have any alarms set?
Play music on den speakers.
Alexa, what's this album?
What time is it in West Orange, New Jersey?
When's my first meeting today?
Is the Thompson-Boling Arena ADA compliant?
Find non-stop flights to Bethesda, Maryland on Delta.
When is it going to rain?
Boil the kettle.
Turn off the lights in the bedroom .
Set a timer for 30 minutes.
Set an alarm in 2 hours minutes.
Find me a kid-friendly casserole recipe with avocados and cherry tomatoes.
What time is it?
How many calories does a handful of walnuts have?
Hey Siri, pause the music.
Do I need an umbrella today?
Play 'The Sounds of Silence' by Simon and Garfunkel.
Raise the temperature 2 degrees.
Turn up the temperature 1 degree.
Is Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas wheelchair accessible? 
Is the front door locked?
I parked on level 4.
Listen to ABC.
What song is this?
Add red wine vinegar, frozen onion rings, barbecue sauce, and filet of sole to the shopping list.
What's Ford Motors trading at?
When does the next train arrive?
Turn on the outdoor lights.
Add a reversible octopus plush for Thea to my gift list.
Is the vet's office open today?
What movies came out last week?
Lock the front door.
Set a reminder for my wedding anniversary.
Hey Facebook, resume.
Wikipedia Earth.
How do you spell 'exercise'?
Brighten the screen.
Find me flights to San Francisco.
Cancel my meeting with Nisha Kamal at 10 AM, next Friday.
Buy tickets at eighteen-hundred hours.
What's the conversion of 16 ounces to liters?
Turn down the volume.
Navigate to mom's house.
Play 'My Exercise Playlist' on Chromecast.
What film won the Oscar for best picture in 1949?
Start listening.
How much is a round-trip flight to Bozeman, Montana?
What are some great vacation ideas?
Turn on the TV.
Send a message to The Todd Family.
What's it like outside?
Unlock the front door.
Make me a reservation at The Happy Lamb.
Alexa, play more like this.
Show me movies with Tom Hanks.
How many refills are left on my omeprazole?
Give me a motivational quote.
How do I make fruit leather with mango?
Request a taxi ride.
Tell me news from BBC.
What alarms are set?
Hey Google, sing me a song.
Read my book.
Set a reminder to take pantoprazole at 6 AM.
Who won the cricket game yesterday?
How many refills are left on my nitroglycerin?
Did I miss any emails from yesterday?
Add a t-shirt for Joe to my gift list.
Is South Rim Trail of the Grand Canyon wheelchair accessible? 
Please call Marc Shultheiss.
Is my flight on time?
Wake me up at 7 in the morning, Tuesday through Friday.
Add laundry detergent, toothpaste, aluminum foil, and cranberry juice to the shopping list.
Find me a smoothie recipe with pineapple, blueberries, bananas, and orange juice.
Snooze.
Start listening. What's the weather for the weekend?
What are the side effects of trazodone?
My parking space is purple.
Set a reminder to take amoxicillin with lunch.
When are the Dallas Cowboys playing next?
Scan a QR code. 
Dislike this song.
Define 'sentient'.
What's $1 in British Pounds?
Schedule a refill for my levodopa prescription.
Tell me a poem.
What are my reminders?
Wake me up at 10 AM every day.
Map a route to Scottsdale, Arizona. 
Read 'The Mayor of Castro Street' on Audiobook.
Who's winning between the Cubs and the Cardinals?
Cancel alarm for 6:45 AM.
Turn off the kitchen light.
Flip a coin.
Please send this text: "Hi, exclamation point. What time will you be home, question mark. Thanks, exclamation point."
Set the heat to 72.
Hey Facebook.
How many refills are left on my lorazepam?
Like this song.
Read my new email.
How many refills are left on my risperidone?
How far is Clarksburg, Maryland from here?
Remind me to take a break in 15 minutes. 
Raise the temperature.
What's the distance to Rogers, Arkansas?
Play music on living room speakers.
Darken the screen.
Where did I park?
Snooze the alarm.
Turn on heat.
How's the traffic to route 57?
Hey Siri, turn up the volume.
How many refills are left on my estradiol?
Reschedule my meeting with Lucas at noon, Sunday.
Decrease the volume.
Cancel alarm for 9 PM.
How long is left on the timer?
Map a route to the nearest metro station. 
Book me a room at Red Roof Inn in Denver, Colorado on Christmas day through December 27th.
What are the best places for vacation in November?
Cortana, play music.
Who won the gold medal in men's figure skating in the 1952 Winter Olympics?
Turn the TV to the Hallmark Channel .
How tall is the world's tallest horse?
What's the Disney stock price?
Please call 555-244-2922.
Answer the door.
Please send this email: "Dear customer service, comma. I am writing about the status of order number 384972, period. Do you have a tracking update, question mark. Thank you, period."
Open Todoist.
Turn on my TV.
Redial.
What's the temperature inside?
What's the latest in agricultural futures?
Tell me about Seatle Sounders FC.
Hey Google, what's this song?
Open email.
Schedule a refill for my insulin prescription.
Set a reminder to take ibuprofen at 11:30 AM.
Remember that we need to renew our subscription to the New York Times .
Create a ALDI shopping list.
Set a reminder to take Potassium at 2 PM.
Get help.
Show me nearby shopping malls.
Navigate to the nearest gas station.
How do you say 'how much does that cost?' in Tagalog?
Skip to the next chapter.
Set a reminder for when tickets for Jimmy Buffett go on sale.
Is there a chance of rain overnight ?
Hey Facebook, turn down the sound.
Delete my reminders for tomorrow.
Set an alarm in 5 minutes.
Set a reminder to take Spironolactone at 9 PM.
Turn down the temperature 5 degrees.
Skip backward 2 minutes.
Add a meeting to my calendar.
Set the volume to 5.
Play the latest episode of 'This American Life'.
What's the thermostat set to?
Where is my first event tomorrow?
Set a reminder to take citalopram at 8 AM.
Make it warmer.
What's the weather like in Mexico?
Show me nearby restaurants.
Read this page.
Play the latest episode of 'Spittin Chiclets'.
Set a reminder to take simvastatin at dinner time.
Hey Siri.
Dim the den lights to 20%.
What does my day look like?
What's the temperature outside?
Show me an image of green olives.
Where is my next meeting?
Set an alarm for every Friday morning at 6 AM.
What's on my agenda for today?
Start listening. What's today's news?
Skip this track.
Set a timer for brewing iced tea for 20 minutes.
Video call Ed Fujiwara.
Broadcast 'It's time to wake up.'
Set a reminder to take glipizide at 6:30 PM.
Read my messages.
Video call 217-244-1176.
Find me flights to Budapest, Hungary.
Turn off all switches.
Alexa.
Turn up the sound.
When is Thanksgiving this year?
When did this song come out?
Show me my alarms.
Help me relax.
Call the nearest coffee shop. 
How far is Warsaw, Poland from Kiev, Urkaine?
Show me photos from mom and dad's anniversary.
Book a table for 4 at Le Diplomate.
Who played third base for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1960? 
Set a reminder to take furosemide at bed time.
Cortana.
What's playing in the theaters near me?
Where is the nearest bus stop?
How many refills are left on my clindamycin risperidone?
Open Twitch.
Lower the temperature 3 degrees.
Turn off cooling.
What team won the World Series in 1938?
Did the Washington Mystics win?
Is there a chance of rain tomorrow?
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees.
Play 'The Tonight Show' on Peacock.
When is the nearest hardware store open until?
