Turn up the sound.
Set a reminder to take glipizide at 6:30 PM.
Find me a vegetarian stew recipe with smoked paprika, fresh garlic, and lentils.
Map a route to John F. Kennedy Airport. 
What's on my to-do list?
Navigate to CVS.
Did the Seattle Mariners win?
Book me a room at Crowe Plaza Hotel in Grand Junction, Colorado on June 9th through June 19th.
Add a hair dryer brush for Nessa to my gift list.
What time is it in Fairbanks, Alaska?
Show me photos from the 18th of September.
Cortana, play music.
Skip forward 45 seconds.
Play 'Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark' on Paramount Plus.
Cancel alarm for 8.
Dislike this song.
Set a reminder to take ibuprofen at 11:30 AM.
Hey Siri.
Show me my alarms.
What's the weather like in New York?
What's Apple trading at?
How tall is the tallest person who ever lived ?
Get help.
Flip a coin.
How many refills are left on my warfarin?
Do I have any alarms set?
What's the conversion of 16 ounces to liters?
Set a reminder to take furosemide at bed time.
Turn up the temperature 1 degree.
How much is $150 in euros?
How far is Pisa, Italy from Rome, Italy?
Add rechargeable hand warmers for Robert to my gift list.
Remember that my PIN is 9374.
Hey Facebook, resume.
What song is this?
Turn on the TV.
When is Thanksgiving this year?
How do I make brisket on the smoker?
Set a reminder to take Spironolactone at 9 PM.
Map a route to Dallas Fortworth International Airport. 
Read 'For Whom the Bell Tolls' on Audiobook.
Read my messages.
Decrease the volume.
Tell me news from MSNBC.
Start listening.
Open YouTube.
How many calories does a pint of Ben and Jerry's ice cream have?
Make it warmer.
Set a reminder for Molly's vet appointment.
Request a taxi ride.
My parking space is purple.
Set the volume to 10.
What time is it?
Set a reminder to take simvastatin at dinner time.
Do I have anything scheduled for Friday?
How many refills are left on my allopurinol?
Create a Sam's Club shopping list.
Darken the screen.
Set an alarm in 40 minutes.
Please send this email: "Dear customer service, comma. I am writing about the status of order number 384972, period. Do you have a tracking update, question mark. Thank you, period."
What's the latest in science and technology?
Show me movies with Troy Kotsur.
Raise the temperature.
Give me a motivational quote.
Is Buca di Beppo open today?
Hey Google, sing me a song.
Raise the temperature 2 degrees.
When does the next train arrive?
Send an email to SabinaK@westerly.edu.
Find me flights to Kansas City, Kansas.
What's playing in the theaters near me?
Send a message to Krasimir Gregory.
Broadcast 'The coffee's ready.'
Start listening. What's today's news?
Book a table for 6 at Baldamar.
Open Duolingo.
Play music on office speakers.
Set the air conditioning to 78.
How do you say 'help me' in Mandarin Chinese?
Turn down the volume.
How do you spell 'government'?
Skip to the next chapter.
Set a reminder to take pantoprazole at 6 AM.
Video call Martin Starosta.
Hey Facebook.
Is the front door locked?
What film won the Oscar for best picture in 1949?
Increase the volume.
Where is my first event tomorrow?
Set a reminder to take Potassium at 2 PM.
Who played third base for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1960? 
What's the temperature outside?
Scan a QR code. 
Alexa.
Set a reminder to take acetaminophen at 1PM.
What's $1 in British Pounds?
Listen to CBS.
Brighten the screen.
What's the thermostat set to?
What movies came out last week?
I parked on level 4.
Boil the kettle.
Cancel my meeting with Vincente & Lin at 1:45 PM, Tuesday.
How many refills are left on my risperidone?
Is Yellowstone National Park ADA compliant?
Find non-stop flights to Lisbon, Portugal on TAP.
How many refills are left on my clindamycin risperidone?
Cortana, what's playing? 
Answer the door.
Add frozen strawberries, blueberries, a case of paper towels, and cereal to the shopping list.
Turn down the temperature 5 degrees.
Navigate to Walgreens.
Schedule a refill for my clonazepam prescription.
What alarms are set?
Turn off cooling.
When is it going to rain?
Play the latest episode of 'Crime Junkie'.
Lower the temperature 3 degrees.
Read my book.
Show me nearby shopping malls.
How did the Portland Timbers game turn out yesterday?
Who is the lead character in 'Citizen Kane'?
Please send this text: "Hi, exclamation point. What time will you be home, question mark. Thanks, exclamation point."
Start listening. What's the weather for the weekend?
Show me nearby cafes.
Who won the NHL game yesterday?
What are the side effects of levothyroxine?
Set a reminder to take citalopram at 8 AM.
How long is left on the timer?
Please call Kathy Bianco.
How many refills are left on my lorazepam?
Tell me a poem.
Make me a reservation at Bayern Brewery.
How do you spell 'succeed'?
What team won the World Series in 1938?
Make it cooler.
Wikipedia list of highest-grossing films.
Skip backward 2 minutes.
How much is a round-trip flight to Sedona, Arizona?
Turn off the closet light.
Is my flight on time?
Who won the gold medal in men's figure skating in the 1952 Winter Olympics?
Broadcast 'The football game is about to start.'
How many refills are left on my propanolol?
Turn off all switches.
Alexa, what's this album?
What are my reminders?
Is there a chance of rain on the 16th?
Play 'The Tears of a Clown' by Smokey Robinson and the Miracles.
What was the score for the last LSU Tigers game?
Reschedule my meeting with Virginia Daniel at 7, Saturday.
Add a meeting to my calendar.
Fast forward 5 minutes.
What's the Microsoft stock price?
How far is Bridgeport, California from here?
Hey Google, what's this song?
How many refills are left on my nitroglycerin?
Find me a holiday cocktail recipe with cranberry juice and gin.
When are the San Franscisco Giants playing next?
What are the best places for vacation in June?
Define 'conundrum'.
Add ingredients for chili, pizza dough, shredded mozzarella, and heel balm to the shopping list.
Tell me about Seattle Sounders FC.
Where did I park?
Hey Siri, turn up the volume.
Delete my reminders for tomorrow.
When's my first meeting today?
Dim the porch lights to 70%.
Did I miss any emails from yesterday?
Turn on the porch light.
Find me flights to Barcelona, Spain.
What's the distance to Hibbing, Minnesota?
What's it like outside?
Play music on playroom speakers.
Wake me up at 6:45 AM every day.
When is my next alarm?
Set a reminder for our dinner reservation on Friday.
Help me relax.
Hey Facebook, turn down the sound.
Is the observatory at the Willis Tower wheelchair accessible? 
Turn off the lights in the guestroom.
How far is Costco from here?
Is Alaska Center for the Performing Arts ADA compliant?
What are some great vacation ideas?
Cancel my meeting with Sanjiv Lynne at 2:30 PM, Tuesday the 9th.
When did this song come out?
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees.
Turn on my TV.
Cancel alarm for 7:30.
Turn the TV to CBS.
What's on my agenda for today?
Show me nearby restaurants.
Cortana.
Skip this track.
Video call Lennart Vass.
Set the heat to 72.
Where is my next meeting?
Redial.
When is Shell open until?
Turn on heat.
Open email.
What are the side effects of losartan?
Snooze the alarm.
Set an alarm for every Sunday at 8 PM.
Show me an image of business meetings.
Hey Siri, pause the music.
Lock the front door.
Call the nearest coffee shop. 
How many refills are left on my baclofen?
Remind me to take a break in 15 minutes. 
Who's winning between Duke and North Carolina?
Dim the hallway lights to 10%.
Brighten the dining room light.
Buy tickets at 6:15 PM.
How many refills are left on my omeprazole?
Snooze.
Wake me up at 9 o'clock Thursday.
Is the dentist's office on Park St. wheelchair accessible? 
What does my day look like?
How many calories does a Big Mac have?
Schedule a refill for my pantoprazole prescription.
Alexa, play more like this.
Like this song.
Unlock the front door.
Where is the nearest bus stop?
How many refills are left on my estradiol?
Set a timer for COVID-19 test for 15 minutes.
Please call Carola Fulton.
Set a reminder to take amoxicillin with lunch.
Read my new email.
What's the temperature inside?
Is there a chance of rain on the 20th?
Play Billboard's Top 40 on Pandora.
How's the traffic to Mount Washington, New Hamshire?
Play the latest episode of 'Ologies'.
Hey Google.
Read this page.
Set a timer for 1 hour minutes.
Do I need an umbrella today?
Set an alarm in 30 minutes.
